---
title: Newsweek Names Hudl One of America’s Greatest Workplaces for Mental Well-Being
  2026
url: https://www.hudl.com/blog/hudl-newsweek-americas-greatest-workplaces-for-mental-well-being-2026
date: '2026-05-11'
author: ''
feed_url: https://hudl.com/blog/feed
---
Hudl has earned a five-star rating from Newsweek indicating its commitment to employee mental health and resilience. Newsweek Names Hudl One of America’s Greatest Workplaces for Mental Well-Being 2026 Lincoln, NE – May 11, 2026 – Hudl, the global leader in sports video and data technology, has been recognized by Newsweek as one of America’s Greatest Workplaces for Mental Well-Being 2026 . Hudl received a five-star rating, the highest distinction and is one of seven Nebraska-based businesses on the 2026 list. Newsweek's 2026 rankings were established through a comprehensive national survey involving more than 179,000 employees and the evaluation of over 37 million data points. This analysis focused on essential performance metrics for global organizations, including psychological safety, burnout prevention, and flexible scheduling. “At Hudl, we believe that high performance starts with the mental and emotional health of our team,” said Jasmine Kingsley, chief people and legal officer at Hudl. “Earning a five-star rating from Newsweek reinforces our commitment to building a team that wins together—one where we’re people first and coworkers second. We’re dedicated to ensuring every teammate has the support they need to thrive both professionally and personally.” Newsweek’s 2026 list recognizes companies across the U.S. that have demonstrated a measurable commitment to reducing workplace stress and fostering resilience. Through empathetic leadership and a holistic commitment to work-life balance, Hudl continues to set the standard for a supportive and inclusive workplace. About Hudl: Hudl empowers hundreds of thousands of teams globally to reach their potential, working with coaches, athletes and administrators at every level of sport. We equip teams with tools and insights to elevate performance, streamline operations, drive recruitment and deepen fan engagement. Our smart cameras capture every second of practices and games, powering the industry's ecosystem of film review, recruiting, scouting and more. Our trusted software layers data and analytics onto video to help athletes and teams reach their potential. And our platform helps every team create a stronger connection to their fans through livestreaming, athlete highlights, tickets and updates on all the information fans care about. Learn more at Hudl.com . Press Contact: Tyler Thomas Director of PR, Hudl Tyler.Thomas@hudl.com
